NAME                                                              READY   STATUS    RESTARTS       AGE
pod/alertmanager-my-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager-0          2/2     Running   1 (133m ago)   134m
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-7c56785cfd-ppq4g             3/3     Running   0              135m
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-c56776866-lqvhk   1/1     Running   0              135m
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator-68694657f5-qnzds            1/1     Running   0              135m
pod/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-9ddsd       1/1     Running   0              135m
pod/prometheus-my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-0              2/2     Running   0              134m

NAME                                                        TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                               ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   134m
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager               ClusterIP   10.107.236.10    <none>        9093/TCP                     135m
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana                    ClusterIP   10.100.178.58    <none>        80/TCP                       135m
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics         ClusterIP   10.104.108.216   <none>        8080/TCP                     135m
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator                   ClusterIP   10.99.38.128     <none>        443/TCP                      135m
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                 ClusterIP   10.96.34.124     <none>        9090/TCP                     135m
service/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   ClusterIP   10.108.129.228   <none>        9100/TCP                     135m
service/prometheus-operated                                 ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     134m

NAME                                                               DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
daemonset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           <none>          135m

NAME                                                          READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana              1/1     1            1           135m
deployment.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           135m
deployment.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator             1/1     1            1           135m

NAME                                                                    DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-7c56785cfd             1         1         1       135m
replicaset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-c56776866   1         1         1       135m
replicaset.apps/my-kube-prometheus-stack-operator-68694657f5            1         1         1       135m

NAME                                                                  READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-my-kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager   1/1     134m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-my-kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus       1/1     134m
